% egrep -v '^#' ~/.ncmpcpp/config

# MPD's bullshit
mpd_music_dir                   = ~/Music/
mpd_host                        = 0.0.0.0
mpd_port                        = 6600

# Visualizer
visualizer_in_stereo            = no
visualizer_data_source          = /tmp/mpd.fifo
visualizer_output_name          = my_fifo
visualizer_type                 = spectrum
visualizer_look                 = ◆▋
visualizer_spectrum_smooth_look = yes
visualizer_color                = 15, 50, 48, 191, 228, 221, 209, 10, 163, 166, 100, 13

# Progress bar
progressbar_look                = ▬▬▬
progressbar_color               = 104

# Interface
user_interface                  = alternative
alternative_ui_separator_color  = 64
header_visibility               = no
statusbar_visibility            = no
titles_visibility               = no

# Interface general options
clock_display_seconds           = yes
playlist_display_mode           = columns
browser_display_mode            = columns
search_engine_display_mode      = columns
playlist_editor_display_mode    = columns
locked_screen_width_part        = 60
header_window_color             = 46
main_window_color               = 160
statusbar_color                 = 12
state_line_color                = 12
state_flags_color               = 2

# Volume
display_volume_level            = yes
volume_change_step              = 5
volume_color                    = 52

# Misc
message_delay_time              = 3
playlist_shorten_total_times    = yes
enable_window_title             = no
mouse_list_scroll_whole_page    = yes
lines_scrolled                  = 1
regular_expressions             = extended


song_columns_list_format        = "(15)[86]{a} (60)[76]{f} (20)[44]{b} (7f)[2]{l}"
